Move from redis to valkey (#89)
actinia-org/actinia-docker: README.md

<a id="startup-errors"></a>
# How to fix common startup errors

> * if a key-value db is running locally this will fail. Run and try again:

Author: ```suggestion
* if a valkey db is running locally this will fail. Run and try again:
```
